[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain the story of claire an
adult who is trapped in a dangerous game
with a young man named noah terror and
threats also came from noah can claire
escape from noah's shadow let's follow
their story in the movie the boy next
door
the boy next door begins with a scene
where claire is running alone in the
morning but behind her beautiful face
claire has not been able to forget the
shadow of her husband's infidelity it's
been nine months since claire and her
husband have been separated meanwhile
their son who is already in his teens
was devastated by the protracted
argument of his parents vicki claire's
best friend who is also the vice
principal of the school where she
teaches advises claire to divorce her
husband turns out her husband had an
affair with his secretary every time he
went to san francisco but somehow claire
still hasn't given up on her marriage
one reason is that she doesn't want to
ruin her son's future with a divorce
one morning when she was about to take
her son to the doctor her garage door
got stuck claire and kevin couldn't open
it until a pair of muscular hands
finally appeared and helped them it
turns out that the handsome and sexy
young man is named noah the nephew of
their neighbor mr sanborn noah is now
living with mr sanborn because he has to
help him carry out a bone marrow
transplant operation mr sanborn said
that if noah's parents died in a car
accident he was the only one left in his
family noah said he needed some tools
when he was about to help fix his garage
so he took kevin to the supermarket to
buy them on their way to the hardware
store noah says he's 20 years old but
he's still a high school student
when he was about to pay kevin saw the
cashier named ali a school friend he had
a crush on ally's attitude was a bit
indifferent at first but changed when
she looked at noah that's when some of
kevin's school friends came and started
bullying him but noah just looked at the
boys from a distance
at home claire is so intrigued by noah
who manages to turn off her garage the
two chatted for a while and noah looked
like a lovely young man
the next day noah helped kevin to repair
their car meanwhile claire looked at the
two from her bedroom window at that time
claire did not think that she would be
touched by the young man noah's body
does look sexy
noah noticed that he immediately glanced
at claire but claire quickly hid behind
the window
sure enough while having lunch together
noah showed that he was an incredible
young man moreover he was passionate
about romance something that didn't seem
like a subject that young men his age
liked this made claire so happy to talk
because she was a literature teacher at
school
kevin and his dad garrett go camping and
fishing in the mountains on one weekend
comes claire refused to go because she
was still trying to avoid her husband
noah who realized that claire was alone
at home came to her and gave her an old
literature book as a gift claire was so
amazed to see the gift
that night it was raining heavily and
claire was in her room trying on a pair
of heels wearing skimpy clothes she
looked at herself in the mirror until
she decided to look at the house next
door unexpectedly at that time noah was
naked in his room but noah realized that
he was being watched from a distance
the next night while home alone claire
gets a call from noah asking how to
reheat chicken in the microwave noah
begged claire to come to his house to
help him claire who felt sorry for noah
came straight to his home in the pouring
rain
the two end up having dinner together
until noah finally says that he is very
interested in claire according to him
claire is so sexy and beautiful noah
also said that he realized that claire
was looking at him from his bedroom
window the night before noah is sure
that claire is actually attracted to him
claire tried hard to dodge but noah kept
hugging and kissing her noah then
whispers that a woman is beautiful as
claire should get love
claire who had been separated for nine
months from her husband began to melt
and she did not imagine that she would
make the stupidest mistake in her life
the next morning claire woke up and was
so panicked claire realizes that she
made a big mistake by sleeping with noah
as a married adult claire shouldn't have
done that that afternoon kevin and his
father returned from their camping
claire initially did not allow her
husband to enter the house finally
melted because kevin kept begging inside
the house the two of them talked about
their camping experience but claire's
mind is now wandering around while
cleaning the dishes in the kitchen
claire is so nervous when noah comes and
starts teasing her even when he was
about to leave noah immediately squeezed
claire's back
that night while taking out the trash
garrett tries hard to persuade claire to
get their relationship back but neither
of them realized that noah was looking
out of his bedroom window as if he was
making plans to end claire and garrett's
relationship
the first day of school begins claire
who teaches literature at a high school
is surprised by the arrival of noah as
her new student noah doesn't stop
bothering claire after school he kept
stalking claire and made her
uncomfortable
kevin is getting close to noah and that
worries claire sure enough noah was a
bad influence on kevin he even taught
him to shoot in the forest
not only that noah begins to provoke
kevin to hate his father who cheated on
his mother and ruined their lives
that night kevin started to say rude
words to his father and it ended their
dinner in an argument
at school claire gets a flower delivery
at first she and vicki thought the
flowers were from her husband but when
claire called garrett to her surprise
the flowers didn't come from her husband
and she knows who sent it claire
immediately looked for noah who was
practicing boxing alone and asked him
never to bother her again they were so
intense that a teacher saw both of them
but noah doesn't care at all he only
wanted claire
one night claire was driven home by
garrett in fact both of them still have
a love for each other garrett couldn't
help but started kissing and hugging
claire claire had almost melted until
she realized and stopped him but that
night claire allowed garrett to stay
without them knowing that night noah was
watching them claire and garrett's
intimacy makes noah so angry and he
won't let garrett get claire back all
night noah watched claire's room while
holding back the anger that had begun to
build up inside him
the following day when garrett left for
the office from claire's noah came
straight to her with an angry expression
that claire had betrayed him noah
threatens that the real war has just
begun claire didn't think that noah had
brainwashed kevin until kevin became a
dissident and instead went to school
with noah than with his mother
at school kevin was bullied by his
friends but noah came and beat up the
bullies noah was brought to vicki's room
vicki realized that noah was expelled
from his old school because he behaved
very rudely and sure enough he was also
very rude to vicky
kevin was dressed neatly at the school
prom and was so happy that ali wanted to
be invited to dance with him ally said
to claire that in the men's bathroom
there was standing water but when claire
got to the bathroom how shocked she was
when she read the giant sentence that
says i [ __ ] claire peterson
noah comes in and starts threatening
claire she was so upset that claire had
begun to make up with her husband a
frightened and cornered claire then
kicked noah and run away this time
claire knows that noah will never stop
destroying her life
when they came to school claire's
students complained that they couldn't
enter her class because it was locked
claire opened her class and was
surprised when she found photos of her
sleeping scene with noah noah had
printed all the photos and hung them
throughout the class claire was so
panicked and put away the photos the
principal comes and wants to check all
the mess outside claire's classroom
luckily claire managed to get rid of all
the indecent photos and let her student
in the principal regretted claire's
recent performance which had declined so
much moreover a teacher reported seeing
claire and noah alone in the gym
teachers should not be involved in any
relationship with their students
after school garrett picked up kevin and
allowed him to drive but they did not
expect if the brakes of the car failed
and make them crash luckily both
survived the accident
claire returns home to find noah at
their house sitting casually with her
husband and son
now noah is getting bolder to threaten
claire
that night claire had run out of
patience and decided to visit noah in
his room claire tries to beg noah to
stop everything but noah won't stop
until he gets claire noah even
threatened if he still saved the video
when the two made love obviously that's
the main key for noah to continue to
threaten and interfere with claire's
life claire finally told this to vicky
claire was really scared because she
would lose everything including her job
son husband and life if the video went
viral so vicky and claire decided to
find the video
when she got home from school claire's
car drove away and as usual noah
followed her home but this time claire
drove her car faster than usual noah
tried to chase after her until he
realized that the person behind the
car's wheel was not claire but vicky it
turns out that claire is breaking into
noah's house to find the video that noah
had hidden claire gets a call from vicki
and is told that if noah knows of their
trap claire must get the video as fast
as possible after searching the house
claire found a camera behind the clock
claire traced the camera wires and found
a room in the basement how shocked she
was when she found her photo tacked all
over the basement wall it turns out that
noah has been stalking him all along and
he's obviously hidden all his photos and
videos on his laptop claire also
realized that noah intentionally damaged
her car so that garrett and kevin had an
accident after deleting all her pictures
and videos claire returned to her house
noah breaks into vicki's house and beats
her until she passes out vicki is now
being held captive by noah with her
mouth gagged and hands tied
claire then goes to vicky's house but
the house is empty and dark while
checking in the kitchen claire is so
shocked to find vicky has been killed
claire was so devastated by vicki's
death that she ran outside and got into
her car
while trying to call the police claire
is startled by noah who suddenly appears
and pulls her out of the car noah says
he killed his father and his mistress by
causing them to crash in a car it turns
out that noah has managed to keep
garrett and kevin in an empty barn and
intends to kill them both so he can be
with claire
claire found garrett and kevin hanging
in the barn noah tries to kill garrett
and kevin but claire begins to seduce
him whereas in her hand claire held an
iron that was directly hit at noah and
knocked him unconscious claire tried
hard to untie kevin but noah managed to
get up and beat her from behind claire
was dragged all the way to the center of
the barn
noah often insists on kissing claire and
says if he just needs to finish off her
husband and son nothing else can ruin
their relationship
noah then takes petrol and pours it on
garrett and kevin intending to set them
both on fire claire couldn't stop him
because noah was so strong claire was so
panicked that she pushed noah
unfortunately the lighter fell and
ignited the fire the two then wrestle
until garrett's hands are untied but
noah shoots him right in the chest
claire starts to get cornered and she
remembers that she still has her son's
ep pen then by using the ep pen claire
directly stabbed a try to noah's eye
noah who was in so much pain still had
the energy to attack claire until she
pressed hard against his injured eye
luckily kevin managed to free himself
but he was beaten by noah
claire hits a lever and drops a piece of
iron that hits noah and kills him
finally the three can survive the
psychopath the boy next door closed with
the arrival of an ambulance and police
to the scene luckily garrett can still
be saved thanks to that incident claire
was able to rebuild her family
[Music]
you